My puppy has died eating this I have done everything I could to stop this product and save people from buying it. Amazon did stop this for 2 days and then it was started again. And now Murderers have taken my review down I had post a video too and pictures where he puked the whole product.
Don’t fall for the good reviews eventually it’s causing major problem. It leads to cancer
My 5 month old Lab has fallen violently ill soon after eating this product. He’s having severe loose motions.
I do not recommend this product to anyone. Pls do not risk the health and safety of your pet.
I'm sure it's just personal preference, but I've got 3 dogs. One of them will eat anything that's put in front of her, one eats most things without any fuss, and the third has had issues with eating a couple of things before.
The only dog who will come near these biscuits is the one who eats anything - and she eats them after sniffing at them for a while. I could use these quite effectively to repel the other two. I had these biscuits in my pocket along with other snacks that usually get snapped up and disappear shortly after they leave my hand. The two who won't touch these biscuits didn't even touch their regular snacks after that.
It's been a week since they were delivered, so I'll try for another week to see if I can get them to start eating them and update this review if it works. I'm wondering what I'll do with the 2nd pack if it doesn't.
I was in shock my dog got sick severely that we had to rush to her vet midnight. At first when I introduced her new treat to her she got excited and started eating from the box lol but around 8 pm she started vomiting followed by diarrhea and now after around 10 days she's taking pills for stomach infection after 3 shots 5 day cycle straight. Very disappointed :(
I wasn't so sure if I was going to buy this, but tried on prime day and bang, my dog loves it, they are not too hard, not too soft.

I'm using this to train my 4 months lab, and it works. Better than any of my recent treats purchase and this is way cheaper than others
Giving it a 5 star review so that all pet parents should read it as most of us dont read one start or 3 star review. Yet this product is ONE star not even one...As it's been said in multiple one star reviews that this biscuits are causing either loose motions or vomits to the pet. I didn't pay any attention to them and bought two boxes 1+1 free scheme.
It's so right they are selling it at 2 boxes for a price of one. So you can imagine the quality of this product.
Coming to the point my GR also started loose motion when this treat was introduced to him. Yet I was not sure that loose motions was because of the treat. So I tried several other time this treat and was noticing that my pup was again having diarrhea when this biscuits were given to him. I tried like this for 6-7 times and finally I came back and read some comments and now I see that this biscuits does it.
Hence all I got to say is that be wise! Thanks
I'm sorry to say this but all of my 7 dogs, all of them hated it.
You know reading the positive and negative reviews, I just thought that maybe as the human body is different so maybe the dogs also react to it differently.
But damn, all the negative reviews were actually what I saw.
My dogs just either were staring at the biscuits, spit it out or ate and vomited it out.
Please, I request you buyers. It is the decision of the health of your dogs. Please don't take a gamble, just cuz it is cheap. Stick to Pedigree or Home made cooked food or even Parle-G is much much *200 times better than this crap.
This is the worst treat you can give to your dog. Doesn't have any kind of chicken in it cause my dog hates it. She won't eat it at all and she will eat any kind of meat at all times! And amazon won't take it back cause they don't take back pet supplies. Believe me, they are giving 1 free if you buy 1 cause no wants to eat this junk!
I was already told not to go with this biscuits by many pet parents but still I have tried once ......I have seen some iron pieces in the biscuits. While feeding my pet. He just swallowed some.... After eating he became sick. Thank God he is is fine now. Many pet parents have lost their kid.
Very nice and pocket friendly product. My dogs love it and most will do too. As we can see in the photos there was no damage and literally not even a single biscuit was broken, even the ones at the bottom. The biscuits are just the proper size for treats and 10 to 12 a day are enough, if given more your dog will have gases or lose motion for sure. Don't worry about the expiry date, I have bought this multiple times and had no problem. Plus Meat-Up also offers different flavours like mutton, chicken and milk biscuits. The biscuits are crunchy and perfectly baked unlike others which are sometimes very hard to break or to bite. Manufacturer good job!
